Update build instructions (#639)
bluesky-social/social-app: docs/build.md

  - iOS: `yarn ios`
  - Android: `yarn android`
  - Web: `yarn web`
- If you are cloning or forking this repo as an open source developer, please check the tips below as well
- Run e2e tests
  - Start in various console tabs:
    - `yarn e2e:server`
    - `yarn e2e:metro`
  - Run once: `yarn e2e:build`
  - Each test run: `yarn e2e:run`
- Tips

>   - Make sure you clone the `.env` and add the appropiate tokens (e.g. `SENTRY_AUTH_TOKEN` can be created on the Sentry dashboard). If this is not required, you can remove it from `eas.json` and `package.json`, as well as any mentions in the code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Make sure you copy the `.env.example` to `.env` and add the appropiate tokens (e.g. `SENTRY_AUTH_TOKEN` can be created on the Sentry dashboard). If this is not required, you can remove it from `eas.json` and `package.json`, as well as any mentions in the code.
```

maybe more clear?

>   - Make sure you copy the `.env.example` to `.env` and add the appropiate tokens (e.g. `SENTRY_AUTH_TOKEN` can be created on the Sentry dashboard). If this is not required, you can remove it from `eas.json` and `package.json`, as well as any mentions in the code.

Reviewer 2: this doesn't fix for me, here is what I had to do: https://github.com/bluesky-social/social-app/issues/661

  - iOS: `yarn ios`
  - Android: `yarn android`
  - Web: `yarn web`

> - If you are cloning or forking this repo as an open source developer, please check the intrsuctions below as well

Reviewer 3: Small typo here: `instructions`

Author: Thanks
